79
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns!
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
You look so familiar… didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
How was heaven when you left it?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
