63
Do you live on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
You're just like my little toe, because I'm going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I'd love to spread them!
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it my nuts tighten up.
Do you run track? Cause I heard you Relay want this dick.
Are you from the ghetto? Cause I'm about to ghetto hold of dat ass.
You know what I like in a girl? My dick.
Your legs are like an Oreo Cookie - I wanna split them and eat all the good stuff in the middle.
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
Are you from Iraq? 'Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
You can call me cake, cause I'll go straight to your ass.
Do you like pudding? Cause I'll be pudding this dick in your ass.
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
Are you an archaeologist? Because I've got a bone for you to examine.
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you wash your panties with Windex? Because I can really see myself in them.
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Let's play carpenter. First we'll get hammered, then I'll nail you.
Wanna go on an 'ate' with me? I'll give you the 'D' later.
You're so hot, even my pants are falling for you!
Are you from the Philippines? Because I wanna phil you with my penis.
Do you like Ramen Noodles? Cuz I'll be Rammin' my noodle in you later.
Are you spaghetti cause I want you to meat my balls.
Do you like whales? Cause we can go hump back at my place.
Baby I last longer than a white crayon.
Do you like to draw? Cause I put the D in Raw.
You remind me of the movie "Scarface" cause I want you to say hello to my little friend.
Do you like Adele? Cause I can tell you wanna be rolling in the D.
Girl, you should sell hotdogs, because you already know how to make a wiener stand.
Do you have a phone in your back pocket? Because your booty is calling me.
Do you like Wendy's? Cause you're gonna love Wendy's nuts slap yo face!
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
Do you like tapes and CD's? Cause I'm gonna tape this dick to your forehead so you CD's nuts.
Do you like soda? Because I'd mount-and-do you.
Do you like jalapeños? Cause in a minute I'll be jalapeño pussy.
The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
Let's go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.
They say sex is a killer... Do you want to die happy?
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.   
There are 206 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to mount.
Are you from Ireland? 'Cuz my dick's-a-Dublin!
How about you be my story and I'll be your climax!
Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
If I'm a pain in your ass... We can just add more lubricants.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What has 132 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.